Enhanced FYTA plant card with improved UI and functionality (#1)
dontinelli/fyta-plant-card: README.md

- Interactive tooltips showing status and current values
- Colored meters indicating the current state (too low, low, perfect, high, too high)
- Click on any sensor value to view historical time series data and trends
- Click on any element to see detailed history graphs
- Battery status indicator that only appears when battery is low (below 10%)
- Customizable sensor display order with dropdown selection
- Compact display mode for smaller dashboards

## How It Works

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[FYTA Sensor] -->|Bluetooth| B[FYTA Cloud]
    B -->|API| C[Home Assistant FYTA Integration]
    C -->|Entities| D[FYTA Plant Card]
    D -->|Display| E[Dashboard]
    D -->|Click| F[History Graphs]
    
    style A fill:#75d3ff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style D fill:#aaffc3,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style F fill:#ffd8b1,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

The FYTA Plant Card displays data from the FYTA integration in Home Assistant, showing:
- Current sensor readings (moisture, light, temperature, conductivity)
- Plant status with color-coded indicators
- Interactive elements that show detailed information when clicked

### HomeAssistant Integration

> This card requires the official [Home Assistant FYTA integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/fyta/). For more information about the integration, please refer to the [FYTA GitHub organization](https://github.com/FYTA-GmbH).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This card requires the official [Home Assistant FYTA integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/fyta/). For more information about FYTA, please refer to the [FYTA GitHub page](https://github.com/FYTA-GmbH) or the [FYTA webpage](https://www.fyta.de).
```

Author: Good for me.

You will need the [Fyta integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/fyta/) installed to use this card.

![Screenshot](assets/card-image.png)

## Features

- Displays your plant's image and health status
- Shows sensor values for moisture, light, temperature, and fertilizer/conductivity
- Interactive tooltips showing status and current values
- Colored meters indicating the current state (too low, low, perfect, high, too high)
- Click on any sensor value to view historical time series data and trends
- Click on any element to see detailed history graphs
- Battery status indicator that only appears when battery is low (below 10%)
- Customizable sensor display order with dropdown selection
- Compact display mode for smaller dashboards

## How It Works

```mermaid
graph LR
    A[FYTA Sensor] -->|Bluetooth| B[FYTA Cloud]
    B -->|API| C[Home Assistant FYTA Integration]
    C -->|Entities| D[FYTA Plant Card]
    D -->|Display| E[Dashboard]
    D -->|Click| F[History Graphs]
    
    style A fill:#75d3ff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style D fill:#aaffc3,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style F fill:#ffd8b1,stroke:#333,stroke-width:4px
```

> The FYTA Plant Card connects to your FYTA device entities through Home Assistant, displaying:

Reviewer: Perhaps a detail, but the card itself does not connect to the FYTA device. The card "only" displays data of the FYTA integration (retrieved from the FYTA server, and not directly from the FYTA device), as it is described below in detail.

- Current sensor readings (moisture, light, temperature, conductivity)
- Plant status with color-coded indicators
- Interactive elements that show detailed information when clicked

### HomeAssistant Integration

This card works with the official [Home Assistant FYTA integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/fyta/). The integration communicates with the FYTA Cloud API to retrieve your plant data and makes it available as entities in Home Assistant. Once the integration is set up, this card provides a beautiful visualization of that data.

> 

Reviewer: I would rather just put a link to the official fyta documentation.

Author: Maybe to https://github.com/FYTA-GmbH

Author: But I think it is not bad to explain how to install the integration, if not already done. Or do you think to much detail?

Reviewer: In my view it is too much detail for here, a link should be sufficient.

Author: Thanks for the feedback - simplified the README to be more concise and focused on the essential information. Change is in the newest commit.

3. Ensure you have advanced mode enabled (accessible via your username in the bottom left corner)
4. Go to any dashboard where you have edit rights, click on "Edit" in the top right corner, then click the three dots menu and select "Manage resources".
5. Add `/local/fyta-plant-card.js` with type JS module.
6. Refresh the page or restart Home Assistant for the card to appear in your dashboard. If the card doesn't appear, try clearing your browser cache.

### Video Installation Guide

Please note that while the card has been updated since this video was created, the basic installation procedure remains the same. For a visual guide on how to install and configure the card, check out this video tutorial:

[![Fyta Plant Card Installation Tutorial](https://img.youtube.com/vi/KS1u91yYSsE/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/KS1u91yYSsE)

## Usage

After adding the card to your dashboard, you can:
- Click on the plant name or image to see detailed plant information
- Click on any sensor to see its historical data graph
- Hover over sensors to see tooltips with detailed status information

> - Battery indicator only appears when battery level is below 10%

Reviewer: Should we make this an option (i.e. always show or only show if below 10%)?

Author: I thought about it. Did not wanted to touch the code again :-)

Reviewer: We can also leave this as a feature for a follow-up PR.
